# hello-world
Just some test repository
A new report says the global economy that sprang from the industrial revolution may not be suitable for sustainable growth in the 21st century. the Worldwatch Institute says, environmental stress, economic volatility and growing social unequality are threatening prospects for prosperity.
The report is called "State of the World 2012 Report: Moving Toward Sustainable Prosperity".
Michael Renner is co-director of the report. "We choose the term "Sustainable Prosperity" because we feel that there is a real danger that this notion of taking care of environment is too often seen as a burden that just comes at the wrong time when we're facing a big economic crisis. And I think it's absolutely essential to proceed in ways that we look at both the environmental concerns and social and economic concerns. How can we reduce the burden on the planet?"
Renner says for more people to lead the so-called good life, existing resources need to be used wisely.
"Well, you know, the good life I think sort of tranditionally has in Western countries been defined as a lifestyle that is bulit on fairly massive consumption of resources-energy, water, materials of all sorts. What we like to argue is that you can still lead a good life, just without consuming so much in the way of resources. "(He said.)
He says countries need to move toward developing renewable energy and not rely on fossil fuels. He says new oil finds in Kenya, Uganda, Ghana and other countries may not be the long-term solution to energy demand.
"I think there is a growing recognition that there is a need to invest in alternatives, and that we need to invest in those now because it will take years and in some cases some decades to generate alternatives that are scaled where they really make the difference that we need to see."(He said.)
The Worldwatch Institute report recommends "degrowth" in what it calls "over-developed" countries, and the estiblishment of green economies.
"Before we really run into a problem where resources in scarcity makes the economies actually stutter and come to a halt, let's actually plan ahead. And let's reduce our take on the planetary resources in a forward-looking way. So that we can actually change things according to our schedule, according to our own priorities.Rather than suddenly saying,'Oh, my god, we do have scarcity,'"
Other recommendations include having more corporations that are socially and environmentally responsible, making agriculture more productive and efficient; and creating a food production system that reduces waste and is environmentally sound.
This year marks the 20th anniversary of the first Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. This June, the city is hoding a conference on sustainble development called Rio + 20. The Worldwatch Institute calls on participants to "radically change the consumer culture" to make "sustainable living" a priority.
